hey everybody welcome back to my channel
and today I just wanted to make a update
video on the AMT 1957 Chevy Bel Air that
I've been slowly working on I've made
some more progress on it and so I've got
a few different things to show you guys
I've gotten the interior done and did
some changes to the motor configuration
for the car as well
but that's pretty much it so I want to
go ahead and show you guys what I've got
going on there okay well here is what
I've gotten done on the 57 Chevy Bel Air
as you can see right here is the
completed interior looks really nice and
I'm going to go ahead and show you guys
that up close okay here's the interior
up close you can see that it is all
two-tone in that red and white the seats
have all been the like piping around the
two-tone has been done with bare metal
foil you can see there on the seat
bottoms and then on the seat backs there
is also that bare metal coil around the
edge of all of the red plus the little
up buttons that are in there also on the
door panels they have the same treatment
with the red and the bare metal coil all
of the cranks and often everything on
the doors have been detail painted and
then here on the rear deck area there
you can see it's flocked with red
carpeting and that red carpeting follows
through to the interior of the car and
does the whole flooring I made my own
custom shift knob you can see right
there
I made that out of
a straight ten with one of those round
tips and then I just painted the end of
it white and then stuck it down into the
ship food that came with the kit I
thought it was nice there looked a
little more realistic than the one
container to get and then also I'm going
to show you the dash here and I'll show
you that closer if I can hear is the
dash and you can see that it's often
detail painted accurately to match the
1-1 car the gauges are all painted in I
hand painted the gauges did all the
chrome trimming on the dash to make it
all match and the steering wheel the
steering wheel column
I had to scratch-build I don't know how
well you can see that but I made the
blinker lever and everything out of
straight pins begins
I had accidentally lost the steering
column came with the kit so I made my
own but I think all in all the interior
looks really nice with the seats you
can't really tell too well in the video
I don't think but they have like a pearl
clear coat over them and it really gives
it that nice a final look I don't like
that old-fashioned pearlescent vinyl
from the 50s so it came out really
really nice and I'm really happy with
the interior on this one okay here is
the motor that I'm gonna be using on
this kit this is the actual stock motor
that came with the kit you have to
excuse my shaking hand but I was gonna
use that part Fox motor that I had but I
was kind of stupid and I didn't test fit
before I painted and put the model
together and it actually didn't fit in
the engine bay without scale so I
decided just to go with a stock motor as
you can see I've painted it gold and
it's got the headers and the
transmission has been painted steel and
then I have the chrome valve covers on
there and then I'll be putting the belt
assembly on there soon and wiring it all
up this is the custom air intake I'm
going to be putting on it
it's the parts box air intake and it's
chrome and then of course the inlet
there are painted that same color as the
car and I think it will look really nice
sitting on top of the motor the gold and
red really accent each other so it'll be
it'll be sitting on there kind of like
that and I think it's going to look
really nice well that's pretty much the
update for a 57 Chevy and hopefully I'm
gonna get some more done this week and
make another video for you guys see you
here soon my completed video or it's not
it'll be really close to do it so thanks
for watching thanks for all the new
subscribers and all the new friend
invites and I will talk to y'all later